The project will employ three doctoral students for five years each (working 80% in research and 20% as teaching assistants, as it is typical in KTH), and three postdoctoral researchers for two years each. 

By the virtue of the WASP chair position of the PI, the doctoral students will join the WASP doctoral education network. They will benefit immensely from a unique environment that will provide access to courses, events, connections with the industry, and networking with other doctoral students across Sweden. Similarly, the PI is an active faculty member in the Digital Futures research center, and all the team members will have opportunities to participate in Digital Futures activities, including seminar series, workshops, opportunities for multi-disciplinary collaborations, and more.

With respect to project management, we will organize the team so that a pair of a doctoral student and a postdoc will work on the same research theme. In this way, we expect each postdoc to act as a mentor for a doctoral student, in addition to the postdoc pursuing their own research agenda. Furthermore, we will encourage collaborations among team members from different research themes, in order to bring synergies and allow for transfer of knowledge and expertise. We will however, ensure that each team member has a well-defined research project, with clear objectives to graduation (for the doctoral students) or to career development goals (for the postdocs). We will promote an environment of openness, and will pursue collaborations with other researchers who have expertise on important research areas, either within KTH, or from abroad, taking advantage of our international network. We will encourage the members of the team to pursue research visits and internships abroad or attend international summer schools (subject of course to their personal preferences and constraints) and we will invite other researchers for visits or seminars to KTH. 

The PI will devote 50% of his time in the project. The PI will supervise the doctoral students and postdocs, he be responsible for scientific lead, and will allocate time to work on concrete mathematical and algorithmic problems. He will be responsible for ensuring flow of information and collaborations with other groups in KTH and his international collaboration network. He will be holding weekly one-to-one meetings with all the team members. In addition, the team will have weekly group meetings with varying agenda, ranging from brainstorming to reporting progress on specific problems, and from dry-run presentations to journal clubs. The ERC Advanced Grant managed by the PI also employs 3 doctoral students and 3 postdocs, so we expect a smooth transition to a similar-sized project.

During the hiring process we will support diversity and consider actions to achieve gender balance, which we believe will promote the overall gender balance in the department. Currently the PI supervises 6 doctoral students and the gender ratio is 3:3. In addition, there are currently 5 postdocs in the team and the gender ratio is 2(female):3(male).