While Sweden has strong tradition in many areas of machine learning and AI, we believe that there is potential for further growth in the area of algorithmic data analysis and foundations of data science. This project can act as a catalyst in consolidating this research area and building a strong internationally-renowned environment in KTH. The division of Theoretical Computer Science, with many faculty members working on the broad area of data science and having strong interest in foundational research, is ideally situated to be the host institution of the project. 

The PI is a WASP professor in KTH, with strong track record, excellent international reputation, and he is currently managing a successful ERC Advanced Grant. All these factors will help attracting high-achieving doctoral students and other exceptional researchers. Furthermore, the department is currently planning to recruit another assistant professor specializing in algorithms and data analysis, also funded by WASP. We expect this hire to bring significant added value to the project and further strengthen the research environment. In particular, we anticipate many joint projects and many opportunities for co-supervision with the new assistant professor. We also envision collaboration and opportunities for co-supervision with a new assistant professor in the division (Ioanna Bercea) who is working on algorithms and data structures. As a concrete area for initial discussion and collaboration with prof. Bercea we have identified the topic of algorithms with predictions in the first research theme. Prof. Bercea is also an author of a well-cited paper on fair data clustering, which has strong connections with the theme of this project.

Overall, we expect that the various opportunities for collaboration with researchers outside the project and the integration with already established environments in KTH and WASP will bring significant benefits, both in the near and distant future. In the short term, we expect that the vibrant environment will foster fresh ideas and will enable significant research results. In the long term, we aspire that building a strong team will attract more highly-accomplished researchers and additional funding resources, to ensure sustained growth and prominence.